IV. APPROACH
A vehicle-generated task arrives at the Base Station through the uplink channel and enters the load balancer. The load balancer is the component for allocating arriving tasks to appropriate Base Stations. It makes the decision how to allocate the task, considering that its robustness must be maximized. Every Base Station has two matrices. One is the Estimated Task Completion (ETC) time matrix. Another one is the Estimated Task Transfer (ETT) time matrix. These two matrices help the load balancer to work efficiently.
The ETC Matrix contains estimated task completion time distributions (X_ N (μ; s2)) for different task types in different Base Stations. Each ETC matrix cell contains two values, μ (mean) and s (standard deviation), which represent a normal distribution. This distribution is found using historical execution times of different task types on different Base Stations. In the ETC matrix, every column defines a Base Stations and every row defines a task type.
To capture the difference between the estimated completion times of task types we consider the worst-case scenario. The estimated completion time is the sum of the mean of previous completion times plus its standard deviation. The Estimated Task Transfer (ETT) time matrix represents the historic task transfer time from a receiving Base Station to the neighboring Base Stations for different task types. When a task is transferred from one base station to another, its transfer time is used generate a normal distribution is (Y_ N (μ; s2)) with respect to each task type. The distributions are saved as an average (μ) and standard deviation (s) in ETT matrix. Due to a real-time situation, the two matrices will be updated periodically. Thus, the cloud server sends a periodic pulse which updates the ETC and ETT matrices according to the current status of the system.
When the load balancer gets the task ”ti ” of task type ”i”, it calculates the probability (Pji ) of this task to meet its deadline di  across the Base Stations. For the receiving Base Station ”j”, the probability can be defined as Pji  (g ji <di) = Pji  (Z < z) where ”z” is (di - μji  ) / sji. We standardize the distribution with μ  = 0 and s  = 1. After calculating the z value, the probability can be found from the z-score table. For all of the neighboring Base Stations before calculating the probability, we convolve the ETC matrix normal distribution with respective ETT matrix normal distribution. This convolution is important for the correct estimation of the probability of the task to meet its deadline in the neighboring Base Stations. This means we need to account for the transfer time as well as for the actual completion time. The convolved distribution is also a normal distribution which can be defined as: W_ N (μ; s2)  = X_ N (μ; s2)~ Y_ N (μ; s2) The resulting distribution (W_N (μ; s2) ) is used to calculate the probability of the task in a specific Base Station. If a neighboring Base Station is “k” and task type ”i” then the probability can be defined as ”Pki  ” where z = (di  - μki ) / ski. When the probability of the received task in all of the Base Stations (receiving and neighboring) is calculated, it is allocated to the Base Station that offers the highest probability for the task to be completed within the deadline. When the task’s probability to meet its deadline is zero (0), the task is dropped. Therefore this task will not be allocated to any of the Base Stations, nor it will enter the batch queue of any Base Station and increase the historic mean of completion times. Task dropping procedure during the oversubscription situation will implicitly increase the probability of the other tasks to meet their deadlines.
Fig. 2: A proposed model where the load balancer efficiently allocates
arriving tasks

